When I started this project, I had the idea of doing a travel advertisement for the astral plane, but I wasn’t sure what my vision was and how exactly I wanted it to look. It started as a vaporwave-inspired advertisement, but it was difficult for me to find a creative flow, so I abandoned the idea in favor of something more collage-like and more reality based. By incorporating aspects of both real and fake, the viewer has something to grasp as they consider such an abstract and indefinable place. Reality and fantasy come together to allow the viewer to better orient themselves in a place beyond concrete comprehension. They can draw from their own experience in this reality -- with the beautiful and awe-inspiring moons, mountains, canyon, and iceberg -- while simultaneously allowing their imaginations to run wild, much like the tether connecting our consciousness to our body (the best of both worlds). I wanted there to be a sort of intrigue and slight discomfort as well. To do so, I used three different types of eyes in close proximity at the center of the image. I drew from Kawasaki’s idea that human faces grab attention and direct the viewer’s eyes. I fragmented it a bit by focusing on the eye, all of which are non-human in this case, and this gives the illusion that there is something staring at them or watching them while they are simultaneously drawn to that area. It’s designed so the viewer’s eyes go straight to the middle of the image and then their gaze expands outward, ultimately landing on the title and the caption last. This was a purposeful design choice as it allows viewers to make their own assumptions and have their own experience with it before fully understanding what the image is supposed to be. I think this works particularly well in regard to what this image is supposed to do, which is to make viewers want to travel to the astral plane. They see the image and sit with each part, dissecting the image, finding their own meaning and intrigue in it, and using their own imagination, then they are brought back to reality with the title and caption which offer a grounding point for the seemingly nonsensical, fantastical image. I tried to keep the image fairly balanced and centrally aligned to further enforce the idea that the viewer’s eyes should start in the middle of the image and meet the title and caption last. I chose to have the text on the image as it is for several reasons. I chose for it to be white to keep a stark contrast with the rest of the dark image backgrounds. I chose the fonts as they are because I wanted “The Astral Plane” to be in a bold, blocky, almost futuristic or digital-age to appeal to the alien-esque nature and feeling of the astral plane. I chose to have the “Escape Reality” in its font because I wanted it to have a more whimsical feeling. By creating an image that is fundamentally formed with other beautiful images, I feel that it successfully grabs the viewer’s attention and attracts them to the advertisement and the content of it, which begs them to consider a trip.     
